---
layout:     post
title:      Hello 2015 
category: blog
description: It's time back to writing and keep it.
---

## New Journey ##
It's already the 23rd day in 2015, the first month of the 15th year in twenty first century almost done, but I can't believe that the time flying so fast that sometimes I still sign 2014 sometimes. Look back toward the last year, I still feel unbelievable even now. 

Back to 2013, I decided to move to US after a considerable evaluation and discussion with my family. And here is the time line for the whole process:

* 2011/10 The first time to US for a business travel
* 2013/4  Decide to move to US
* 2013/7  GRE exam
* 2013/8  TOEFL exam
* 2013/9  Start to apply US graduate programs
* 2013/10 Start to receive the offer from US universities
* 2013/11 Accept Stevens's offer
* 2013/11 Apply F1 Visa
* 2013/12 Book flight ticket to New York
* 2014/1  Departure to Stevens for a new journey
* 2014/12 Graduation from Stevens after three semesters' study(Spring, Summer and Fall).
* 2014/12 Head to Bay area to join Intel

What an amazing journey start! I really fell lucky and appreciate all the support from my family and friends, especially the encourage and help during my preparation in 2013, which is a long and tough way but make you encouraging! Too many of them, I would keep all of them in mind rather than list here.


## Why this site?##
For a long time, I wish I could find some place where I can place my thinking, no matter it's technique related or any ideas burst in, the last, also the most important, will construct my own thinking about something which I believe is important to my growth. About 10 years ago, I started to write blog at [ChinaUnix][], which last about three years until I got a exhausted job plus the long distance from home to office, also, one of the important thing in my life - my son's born. I paused writing then.

I realized that writing actually is a habit, you would not stopping it once started and addicted to that. But it's hard to keep it if you paused during the journey.

Till now, my smart friends, you should already get my idea on the reason that push me back to writing and set up this site - keep writing.


## The goal ##
I don't know how to set a exact goal for my writing after all too many stuff here with lots of challenges, however, it's always good to have a goal based on the SMART principle. So let me try to update my site at least weekly, no matter what the new article is, as long as it's my own, that's enough, isn't it? 


[ChinaUnix]: yishuihe.cublog.net
